Hello, my name is Avi. I am a Security Support Engineer on the F5 Silverline and Distributed Cloud WAF (Web Application Firewall) Team. I enjoy the consistent stream of challenges presented by my position as well as the courses I study on my own time to continue growing as a cyber security professional. 

During my tenure, I have hosted more than 120 customer calls to conduct real-time troubleshooting of application issues including latency, intermittent connectivity, and SSL certificate errors by investigating internal logs and generating HAR files with Browser Developer Tools. I have responded to security events like brute force campaigns by collecting and analyzing PCAPS with Wireshark, making relevant WAF adjustments, and using various command line tools (traceroute, cURL, OpenSSL) in production Linux environments like F5 Big-IP. 

First and foremost, I aspire to contribute to the public good. With the looming threat of skilled adversaries growing every day, people need guardians of their data now more than ever. Firmly committed to the foundation of ethical principle upon which the cyber security industry was built, I seek to be one of those guardians - a protector of civilian data and secure systems. 

I enjoy researching vulnerabilities, attack vectors, and methods for automation of security tasks using code. During my previous mechanical engineering education and career, I learned how to think like a coder and became familiar with several coding languages including Python and C. With a fundamental knowledge of TCP/IP networking, configuration troubleshooting, and security posture management, I feel confident in my ability to contribute to and synergize with a passionate cyber security team. 

I was the valedictorian of the 2019 School of Engineering and Computer Science at University of the Pacific. I strive to represent a purity of commitment to work ethic. Intuiting that all worthy paths require struggle and sacrifice, I do not shirk arduous undertakings. I embrace them. In my future within cyber security, I am excited to apply the critical thinking and creative collaboration skills I have developed through life and industry experience.
